we love to see 1000 ps
here at the fair in milan
already at the booth of the company serco
next to me is the berner works berger
bernhard is an importer for schenker in
Austria already to the box is already one
very nice sign year 2015 that gives
it for it at the sub-sector for novelties
but what has they got like that?
models changed the models they have
actually needed completely changed
We have now assumed again
the plastic parts around it prevents from
The technology is the new outbreak
winning pot
and because the engine tuning practicals
engines we have now indeed elsewhere in the
quality house in the next few years
There is a lot of improvement anyway
now in which variants
Huberter variants have 125 for the
Teenagers though 50 21 and 300 like
follows we have already talked about it
around the 2300 it makes sense that we are there
it was even clear it was once for 300
mark chances because the 241 only 272 and
300 were real 300 and it is real
presentable
for hilton driver knows we have
talked about it
the topic is preparation
injection there is something new
is it something electronic?
Injection electronic injection
issued 25 28 and 300 200 are there
alarm and probably only one
a bit later and the trial is too
been in preparation
Why was not really that only now
rash over the precursors really
very very good and never touch a running
system
We wish you a lot of fun on the
Mass and said for the interview